#  keboola.wr-pgvector-embeddings 0.0.2

_Released on 2025-02-12_

**Component:** [keboola.wr-pgvector-embeddings](https://github.com/keboola/component-embeddings-v2)  
**Tag:** [0.0.2](https://github.com/keboola/component-embeddings-v2/releases/tag/0.0.2)  
**Stage:** EXPERIMENTAL


## Change log (AI generated):
Title: Addition of Multi-Metadata Support and Change from Hash to Username

Excerpt: Potential changes in data processing and output due to new metadata and username inputs.

Post Detail:

1. DATA CHANGES:
   
   - Multi-metadata support has been added. This allows for processing of multiple metadata inputs, which could lead to changes in the output data structure.
   
   - The system now uses a username instead of a hash. This change could affect subsequent data processing and output.

2. OTHER CHANGES:

   - An error handling issue in Piencone has been fixed. This improvement could potentially affect the output in case of errors.

   - An issue with data import has been resolved. This change could potentially affect the data being processed.

Please note the impacts mentioned are potential impacts based on the nature of the changes. The exact files and locations of these changes were not provided.




## Changes:



- Fix Piencone 




- Fix import 




- Efficiency dockerfile 




- Efficiency dockerfile and GH workflow 






- Fix dockerfile 




- Fix dockerfile flake8 




- Try zip for quicker upload to artifacts 




- try split images in dockerfile 




- Revert "try split images in dockerfile" 




- Revert "Try zip for quicker upload to artifacts" 




- add multi-metadata support 




- username not hash 




- Fix Flake8 






- PR #4 



[Compare on GitHub](https://github.com/keboola/component-embeddings-v2/compare/0.0.1...0.0.2)



## Component Information
**Type:** writer
**Name:** Pgvector Embeddings

**Description:** keboola.wr-pgvector-embeddings short description


**Documentation:** [Link](https://github.com/keboola/component-embeddings-v2/blob/master/README.md)



---
_Generated by [Release Notes Generator](https://github.com/keboola/release-notes-generator)
on 2025-04-08 10:07:45_