#  keboola.ex-adform-metadata 0.0.3

_Released on 2025-03-12_

**Component:** [keboola.ex-adform-metadata](https://github.com/keboola/component-adform)  
**Tag:** [0.0.3](https://github.com/keboola/component-adform/releases/tag/0.0.3)  
**Stage:** PRIVATE


## Change log (AI generated):
Title: Data Type Autodetection and Conversion Implemented

Excerpt: Changes in data type processing may affect results.

Post Detail: 

DATA CHANGES:
- Data type autodetection and conversion has been implemented. This may affect the type of data being processed, potentially leading to different results.
- The solution has been simplified. This could result in changes to data processing, potentially improving efficiency or altering results.
- An unused global variable has been deleted. This should not directly impact data processing or output, but could affect overall performance or memory usage.
- Parameters for the read_csv function have been fixed. This could affect how data is read into the component, potentially impacting processed data.
- The query was copied to another part of the save_to_table function. This could potentially impact how data is saved, leading to changes in output data.
- The dtype has been changed to INTEGER and VARCHAR in different instances. All dtypes were also changed to VARCHAR in a separate instance. These changes will affect the type of data being processed, potentially leading to different results.

OTHER CHANGES:
- No other changes identified.



## Changes:



- data type autodetection and converting 




- back to more simple solution 




- del of unused global variable 




- fixed read_csv parameters 




- copy the query to another part of save_to_table func 




- changed dtype to INTEGER 




- changed dtype to VARCHAR 




- all varchar 




- PR #3 



[Compare on GitHub](https://github.com/keboola/component-adform/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3)



## Component Information
**Type:** extractor
**Name:** Adform Metadata

**Description:** short description


**Documentation:** [Link](https://github.com/keboola/component-adform/blob/master/README.md)



---
_Generated by [Release Notes Generator](https://github.com/keboola/release-notes-generator)
on 2025-04-08 09:58:58_