#  keboola.ex-adform-metadata 0.0.3

_Released on 2025-03-12_

**Component:** [keboola.ex-adform-metadata](https://github.com/keboola/component-adform)  
**Tag:** [0.0.3](https://github.com/keboola/component-adform/releases/tag/0.0.3)  
**Stage:** ALPHA


## Change log (AI generated):
Title: Data Type Autodetection and Conversion Feature Added

Excerpt: Changes to data type processing and function parameters may affect output data.

Post Detail:

DATA CHANGES:

1. A new feature for autodetecting and converting data types has been implemented. This change could potentially alter the data type of output data.

2. Parameters for the read_csv function have been fixed. This change could impact the data read into the system, potentially modifying the output data.

3. The dtype has been changed to INTEGER. This change will convert the data type of output data to integer.

4. The dtype has been changed to VARCHAR. This change will convert the data type of output data to VARCHAR.

5. All dtypes have been changed to VARCHAR. This change will convert all output data types to VARCHAR.

OTHER CHANGES:

1. A simpler solution has been implemented. The specific impact of this change is unclear.

2. An unused global variable has been deleted. This change is likely to improve code efficiency but will not directly impact data processing.

3. The query has been copied to another part of the save_to_table function. The specific impact of this change on data saving is unclear.



## Changes:



- data type autodetection and converting 




- back to more simple solution 




- del of unused global variable 




- fixed read_csv parameters 




- copy the query to another part of save_to_table func 




- changed dtype to INTEGER 




- changed dtype to VARCHAR 




- all varchar 




- PR #3 



[Compare on GitHub](https://github.com/keboola/component-adform/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3)



## Component Information
**Type:** extractor
**Name:** Adform Metadata

**Description:** short description


**Documentation:** [Link](https://github.com/keboola/component-adform/blob/master/README.md)



---
_Generated by [Release Notes Generator](https://github.com/keboola/release-notes-generator)
on 2025-04-08 07:24:50_