#  keboola.wr-qdrant-embeddings 0.0.8

_Released on 2025-02-13_

**Component:** [keboola.wr-qdrant-embeddings](https://github.com/keboola/component-embeddings-v2)  
**Tag:** [0.0.8](https://github.com/keboola/component-embeddings-v2/releases/tag/0.0.8)  
**Stage:** EXPERIMENTAL


## Change log (AI generated):
Title: Support for Native Types Added

Excerpt: Diverse data types can now be processed, potentially affecting output data.

Post detail: 

Data Changes:

1. Support for native types has been added. This change allows more diverse data types to be processed which may affect the output data.

2. A correction has been made to the data type which ensures accurate processing according to its type. This may affect the output data.

3. The vector data type has been corrected to ensure accurate processing. This may affect the output data.

Other Changes:

1. A Qdrant writer has been added. This change will affect how data is written and may impact the output and performance of the component.

2. The definition of the output table has been corrected, ensuring accurate output data.

3. The configuration has been updated to include a collection name. This allows the component to handle collections, potentially changing its behavior and output data.

4. The configuration has been further updated to add a collection name, potentially changing the component's behavior and output data. 

Please note that the specific files and locations for these changes are not specified in the commit data.



## Changes:



- Fix update Developer Portal 




- Add support native types 




- merge 




- Fix nt 




- Add Qdrant writer 




- Fix output table definition 




- Update docs 




- Update readme 




- Fix Data type 




- Add collection name to config 




- Update config 




- fix vector data type 




- Merge branch 'feature/add-wr-qdrant-embeddings' into feature/support-native-types 




- Merge branch 'bug/quadrant' into feature/support-native-types 




- Add collection name 




- Update version 




- PR #10 



[Compare on GitHub](https://github.com/keboola/component-embeddings-v2/compare/0.0.7...0.0.8)



## Component Information
**Type:** writer
**Name:** Qdrant Embeddings

**Description:** keboola.wr-qdrant-embeddings short description


**Documentation:** [Link](https://github.com/keboola/component-embeddings-v2/blob/master/README.md)



---
_Generated by [Release Notes Generator](https://github.com/keboola/release-notes-generator)
on 2025-04-08 10:06:45_